SmartOS.md, before:

# SmartOS #

[SmartCore Blog](http://blog.smartcore.net.au/)

The [Joyent (zones)](http://wiki.joyent.com/wiki/display/jpc2/The+Joyent+Linux-to-SmartOS+Cheat+Sheet) and 
[global zone](http://wiki.smartos.org/display/DOC/The+Linux-to-SmartOS+Cheat+Sheet) Linux-to-SmartOS cheat sheets

[SmartOS Command Line Tips](http://wiki.smartos.org/display/DOC/SmartOS+Command+Line+Tips)

[SmartOS and the global zone](http://www.perkin.org.uk/posts/smartos-and-the-global-zone.html) and
[SmartOS global zone tweaks](http://www.perkin.org.uk/posts/smartos-global-zone-tweaks.html) by [Jonathan Perkin](http://www.perkin.org.uk/)

## Datasets / images ##

[Managing Images](http://wiki.smartos.org/display/DOC/Managing+Images)

[3rd party datasets](http://wiki.smartos.org/display/DOC/3rd+party+datasets)

[datasets.at](http://datasets.at/) is a mirror for SmartOS datasets/images located in Germany
and offers the [Builder](http://datasets.at/#!/configure) web app to generate a JSON file for use with `vmadm` on a SmartOS host

## Networking ##

[Blazingly Fast AFP on a SmartOS Zone](http://blog.smartcore.net.au/blazingly-fast-afp-on-a-smartos-zone/)

[NAT using Etherstubs](http://wiki.smartos.org/display/DOC/NAT+using+Etherstubs)

[Use global zone as gateway for guests](http://blog.bgentil.fr/smartos-use-global-zone-as-gateway-for-guests.html)

[Load Balancing with HAproxy](http://wiki.joyent.com/wiki/display/jpc2/Load+Balancing+with+HAproxy)

## PostgreSQL ##

[Chef cookbook to install PostgreSQL from sources on SmartOS](https://github.com/wanelo-chef/postgres),
[High Read/Write Performance PostgreSQL 9.2 and Joyent Cloud](http://building.wanelo.com/post/43517809971/high-read-write-performance-postgresql-9-2-and-joyent)

## Hetzner ##

[Installing and configuring SmartOS on a Hetzner server (with a /29)](http://wiki.hetzner.de/index.php/SmartOS)
[Installing and Configuring SmartOS on a Hetzner server (with a /29)](https://gist.github.com/jahewson/4492300)
[smartos-on-hetzner.sh](https://gist.github.com/a-sk/4504518)

Commit message:

* Added Docker.md * Updated FreeBSD.md, NoSQL.md, SmartOS.md and the "treasure trove"

SmartOS.md, after:

# SmartOS #

[SmartOS](https://smartos.org/) is DTrace + KVM + ZFS + Zones

[SmartCore Blog](http://blog.smartcore.net.au/)

The [Joyent (zones)](http://wiki.joyent.com/wiki/display/jpc2/The+Joyent+Linux-to-SmartOS+Cheat+Sheet) and 
[global zone](http://wiki.smartos.org/display/DOC/The+Linux-to-SmartOS+Cheat+Sheet) Linux-to-SmartOS cheat sheets

[SmartOS Command Line Tips](http://wiki.smartos.org/display/DOC/SmartOS+Command+Line+Tips)

[SmartOS and the global zone](http://www.perkin.org.uk/posts/smartos-and-the-global-zone.html) and
[SmartOS global zone tweaks](http://www.perkin.org.uk/posts/smartos-global-zone-tweaks.html) by [Jonathan Perkin](http://www.perkin.org.uk/)

## Cloud ##

[Docker Engine](https://github.com/joyent/sdc-docker) for
[SmartDataCenter](https://github.com/joyent/sdc)

## Datasets / images ##

[Managing Images](http://wiki.smartos.org/display/DOC/Managing+Images)

[3rd party datasets](http://wiki.smartos.org/display/DOC/3rd+party+datasets)

[datasets.at](http://datasets.at/) is a mirror for SmartOS datasets/images located in Germany
and offers the [Builder](http://datasets.at/#!/configure) web app to generate a JSON file for use with `vmadm` on a SmartOS host

## Networking ##

[Blazingly Fast AFP on a SmartOS Zone](http://blog.smartcore.net.au/blazingly-fast-afp-on-a-smartos-zone/)

[NAT using Etherstubs](http://wiki.smartos.org/display/DOC/NAT+using+Etherstubs)

[Use global zone as gateway for guests](http://blog.bgentil.fr/smartos-use-global-zone-as-gateway-for-guests.html)

[Load Balancing with HAproxy](http://wiki.joyent.com/wiki/display/jpc2/Load+Balancing+with+HAproxy)

## PostgreSQL ##

[Chef cookbook to install PostgreSQL from sources on SmartOS](https://github.com/wanelo-chef/postgres),
[High Read/Write Performance PostgreSQL 9.2 and Joyent Cloud](http://building.wanelo.com/post/43517809971/high-read-write-performance-postgresql-9-2-and-joyent)

## Hetzner ##

[Installing and configuring SmartOS on a Hetzner server (with a /29)](http://wiki.hetzner.de/index.php/SmartOS)
[Installing and Configuring SmartOS on a Hetzner server (with a /29)](https://gist.github.com/jahewson/4492300)
[smartos-on-hetzner.sh](https://gist.github.com/a-sk/4504518)
